Add banner for prev version project setup (#6829)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/[platform]/prev/build-a-backend/index.mdx

  };
}

<Callout info>

> We highly recommend using the [latest version](/[platform]/start/project-setup/) when setting up new projects with Amplify. However, if you need to use the previous version then use the [Project setup for this version](/[platform]/prev/start/project-setup/) when you get started.

Author: Updating to suggested rewording 

```suggestion
We recommend using the [latest version](/[platform]/start/project-setup/) of supported languages and platforms when setting up new projects with Amplify. However, if you need to use the previous version, follow the [project setup instructions](/[platform]/prev/start/project-setup/).
```
